in this video I'll show you how to
completely automate the process for
building faceless videos like this from
scratch step by step complete with
animated scenes voiceovers and captions
exension plan never proceeded in 2018
the project but before we start to build
everything out in make and also air
table let me show you how it works I've
built out these four Separate Tables to
separate our stories and our scenes and
all of the different parts of a given
scene and then another table here which
allows me to get all of the videos and
the images back from the API and then
also a table here that actually allows
me to Define different types of stories
whether it's a comic news story or a
story with photo realistic images or
ultra realistic images from the future
and I can use these different types of
stories and Define different types of
prompts to generate different stories
and images to produce different types of
output for the story generator so that
just gives me a lot of flexibility to
change the output of the video and the
style without having to go into the
automations and tweak all of these
individual nodes to change anything so
the way it would start is I would create
a new row in the system I would pick
which type of story I want to create in
this case I'm just going to pick another
comic news story but again we could pick
photo realistic to generate something
more like this but for the demo here
I'll pick the comic then you would
simply upload a source in my previous
example I simply grabbed a news article
I'll copy and paste that again and then
once you have these two items defined
all you have to do is hit this check box
that says ready to go once you do that
it's going to trigger this automation
here going to do several different
things this is going to generate the
story and the different scenes and all
of the different parts you can see it
just generated the story if I jump over
to the scene you will notice that for
each story it breaks it up into multiple
scenes and then for each Scene It Breaks
it up into multiple parts and the way
this automation works is that you can
actually generate still images and you
can automate those as videos or you can
actually produce the animated video and
use that instead and I'll show you how
to use both options so now we can see
where the system is now working on story
15 that's the one we just added here and
so you can see it has already generated
all of the different scenes and then it
has started to create three different
image prompts for each part of the story
and so if we jump back here once it has
generated the story and has also
generated all the scenes then it will
start to create the images and animated
videos for each different scene and then
as those images and videos are generated
from
leonardo.da here you can see we now have
the three videos for this particular
scene so now it will start to generate
the audio it will also assemble the
video from these three separate parts
and that happens right here where it
takes the three different parts and
assembles it into one large video with
the tool Json to video that's this
platform right here and then down here
it generates the audio and then after it
creates the audio and the video it will
merge them together into a final audio
and video file that completes the entire
scene and then it will continue to BU
build out all of these different pieces
until it is completely done all of the
different parts the audio the video and
then the merged version and then once
we've merged the audio and video for
each different scene then it'll be able
to take all of these and produce the
final video and then that final video
will be produced and dropped right here
so you can see now we have all of those
complete and if we back out and look at
the last automation that ran we can see
here that it went through and it grabbed
all of the different scenes together and
made one final call to Json to video to
produce the final video with the
captions so that'll take just a minute
or two to produce and so now we have
that final video it looks like from
beginning to end it took about 10
minutes so I'm going to show you how to
build out this entire aor table database
from scratch We'll add each of the
different tables here all of the columns
and we'll also build out this entire
automation from scratch step by step and
in this automation here where we
generate the images I'll show you how to
either just use a still image just like
these or how you can turn those still
images into these automated images now
if you want access to the make.com
blueprints so that you can just upload
that blueprint and have the automations
ready to build out just like that as
well as a full built out air table base
make sure to jump into my new community
the no code Architects it's an active
place there's already 250 members asking
questions and helping each other out and
in the classroom you can get access to a
lot of my templates including the air
table base and the make blueprints all
right so let's get started building this
out first I'm going to go ahead and
create a brand new air table base we'll
start it from scratch go ahead and close
this window here and then I'm just going
to going to delete these initial Fields
I could rename them but I'm just going
to get them out of my way I'm going to
rename this table to
stories and I'm going to rename this
here to all
stories then I'm going to change this
main column here to a auto incrementing
field I'm going to name it the story ID
I'm going to change the field type to
Auto number go ahead and click save and
then the next thing I'm going to do is
I'm going to start to build out some of
these other tables that we are going to
need there's quite a few things that we
need to add here to make all this work
so we might as well jump into the deep
end so now I'm going to create a linked
record to the other table that we need
to build so it's automatically going to
build that out for us so we'll create a
new table in this case I'm going to go
ahead and create the story types we're
going to turn this off allow linking to
multiple records create the field now
it's created that field for us going to
go ahead and rename this to story
types go ahead and click save now we can
come back to stories then I'll go ahead
and add the next linked field we'll call
this one scenes every story can have
multiple scenes again we're going to
pick link to another record create new
table we'll leave this one on because
every story will have multiple scenes so
we want to allow linking to multiple
records we'll go ahead and create that
field now we've got our scenes table now
I'm going to go ahead and create a long
text field we're going to call this one
the source this is where we're going to
drop in our source article to create the
story from go ahead and create that
field now I'll go ahead and create a
another field this one we'll call the
story this is where we'll drop in the
new newly created story from chat GPT
we'll make this one a long text as well
go ahead and create the field next I'm
going to jump back over to story types
and then I'm actually going to move
scenes over here into this position here
and then I'm going to jump back over to
story types I'm going to go ahead and
build out the remainder of this table
now because we need some of the columns
here in order to complete the stories
I'm going to rename this view to all
story
types and then I'm going to rename this
column here to story
type then I'm going to add another
column here going to call this story
prompt text and this will be a long text
I'm going to go ahead and create that
field so we'll use this to create the
prompt and then we'll add another column
here to store where we generate all the
different scenes so we'll call this
scenes Json prompt and I'll explain why
I have this word Json here in a moment
we'll go ahead and create the field and
now I need to create four additional
columns these columns are going to
define the width and height of the
images that we created and then the
final video that we output we'll need
these values in a bunch of different
places throughout the automations so I'm
going to go ahead and create these all
four of these will be a number zero
decimal places and no thousandth
separator output width create field then
I'm just going to duplicate this a
couple times make it a little easier and
then we can change each one of these so
this will be output
height and then we'll have the image

width and then we'll have the image

height and we'll go ahead and click save
and now I'm going to go ahead and add
one story type for the comic news this
is a linked field so we don't actually
put anything here in fact I'm going to
hide it from this view now I'm going to
start to format this table a little bit
I'm going to make it an extra tall row
height and then I'm going to adjust
these a bit so I can see more and then
I'm going to go ahead and copy in my
prompt so this is the prompt we'll use
to create the actual story ENT tells
Chad GPT to read the article above and
we'll insert that we tell at the context
you're a tech news reporter let's create
a 20w factual review of the article and
we're just explaining everything that
needs to happen you can go ahead and
copy of the rest of it just like this
next up we need to add the scenes Json
prompt I'm going to copy that and paste
that in just like this as well what this
is going to do is it's going to create a
Json object that we can use in our
automations for looping that contains
the narrative and then also all of the
AI image prompts that we need just to
make the easier for you I will link to
these two prompts in the description
below so that you don't have to waste
time trying to read and copy this
directly into air table and then finally
we need to define the output width and
height of our video in this case I'm
going to make a horizontal YouTube video
so the width will be 1920 by 1080 and
then we need to put in the image width
and height for our image generation tool
Leonardo you can obviously see that
these dimensions are smaller than our
output but they are the same aspect
ratio and we do need these values in
here in order for Leonardo to properly
process our request so now I'm going to
come back over to stories and now I
should be able to select a story type in
this case I will have just one the comic
news and so now that we have the story
types I'm going to go ahead and pull in
the values that we added into this table
here so that we can have them inside the
story table so if we come up to this
little carrot here we're going to add
lookup fields and we are going to add
all of these fields to this table and
then we can add those six Fields I'm
going to quickly model ify them and just
take off this section here it just tells
you that this lookup column came from a
different table here just going to go
through each of these and remove that
just not necessary to have almost
done one more to

go and there we go so now you should see
that when we select a specific news
story it automatically pulls in the
values from that table we have our story
prompt our scene Json prompt and the the
output width and height and the image
width and height so before I try to
finish the storage table I'm going to
jump over to the scenes I'm going to
rename this here to all data and Fields
I'll explain why I'm doing that later
this view here is going to show us every
single column with no filters and then
once we build it out then I will create
other views with a limited view of data
and columns and I'll change the name
then but it's sometimes it's nice to
have a view that just can see everything
especially when we're building things
out so first I'm going to come up here
to this main column and rename it to
scene ID then I'm going to add another
text field here long text called scene
this is where we can put the narrative
for each scene then I'm going to create
another field here called AI image
prompts again we'll use long text AI
image prompts create the field looks
like I got an X in there real quick pull
that back out now just for readability
this is linking back to the stories
table but it's a one-way linkage so any
given scene is only going to be linked
to one story so I'm going to rename this
column on this side of things to story
and then I'm going to turn this off
allow linking to multiple records
confirm that change now I need to go
ahead and create another table here it's
going to be our fourth and Final Table
this is where we're going to store all
of the images or videos that we create
using the Leonardo API so I'm going to
go ahead and create another column I'm
going to link to another record I'm
going to go ahead and create a new table
I'm going to call this the video API I'm
going to leave this enabled allow
linking to multiple records you can see
now that we have our new table I didn't
give it a name so I'm going to come over
here quickly going to rename it video
API go ahead and click save now I'm
going to come here and rename this
column to job ID we'll leave it as a
single line text I'm going to add a
attachment and I'm going to call it
video we'll go ahead and create the
field and then each one of these records
can only attach itself to one specific
scene so I'm going to change this edit
the field going to take off the S and
also this here which allows it to link
to multiple records confirm the change
and then I'm going to move this table
right here as it's more associated with
the scenes table here and then we can
continue to build out our table so the
next thing I'm going to do is I'm going
to add a lookup table from this column
here we just added it as we add in new
videos from Leonardo they are going to
be linked up to this particular record
and I want to be able to pull in those
videos from this table so I'm going to
come up here we're going to add a lookup
field we are going to pull in the video
here we can add the field now because we
will have multiple videos for each scene
I'm going to rename this column to
videos and I'm going to remove this
extra text here videos now I need to add
three more columns which are going to
help us determine when this entire scene
is complete we will make three API calls
for each different scene that will
create three different videos and so we
need to count how many videos we
requested and how many videos are
actually complete and then finally a
column that will tell us when they're
ready so here I'm going to add a new
column this is going to be a count and
I'm going to call this num videos and
for the source we are going to use the
video API so that's counting how many
linked records we have here let's go
ahead and create that field then I'm
going to go ahead and duplicate it and
I'm going to change this to completed
videos and to do that we are going to
add a condition here and we are going to
change this to video which is now
looking at this column here when it is
not empty not empty and then we can go
ahead and click save and so this column
here is counting how many records we
have linked and then this column here is
actually telling us how many videos have
actually been uploaded into our a table
system and now we need one more column
that's going to tell us when they are
equal so now I'm going to make a column
called ready we'll use this formula and
you can copy this just like that make
sure you copy it exactly as I have it
here including this closing parentheses
and then create the field you'll notice
it's saying that there's an unknown
field name called completed videos and
it's because I called it complete videos
so I'm just going to fix it here click
create field then I'm going to rename
this column here completed videos and
then go ahead and save it accept the
change and then that will automatically
update the formula for me I'm also going
to add another formula
field sometimes we need this sometimes
we don't but I just like to add it in
case I do record ID and then for the
formula you can just start to type
record ID and then this is going to come
up you can select it you do need to
finish it with a closing parentheses and
then create the field I'm also going to
add a created and last modified Tim
stamp sometimes that's helpful for
debugging last modified time it'll
automatically fill in the field names
now we've got to add a few more
attachment fields for the audio the
compiled video and then the merged audio
and video so I'll create an attachment
call this audio then I'll just go ahead
and duplicate it a couple times and then
rename them so this will be the combined
video remember we're going to create
multiple videos for for each scene so
we'll combine those videos into a single
video and then finally we will merge the
audio and video into

one we'll go ahead and save that and
then finally we need to add a few lookup
Fields here from the story itself
remember in the story we pulled in the
output width height image width and
height from the story type now we need
to pull that same value through to the
scenes from the story which was
originally coming from the story type so
I'm going to jump back to scenes and
then go to the story add lookup Fields
then I'm going to add the output width
and height and the image width and
height so hopefully you're seeing how to
structure a database and Link together
different fields and to pull in
different fields that you need into
other tables and then again I'm going to
go ahead and rename these and remove the
extra text here that was added to show
us where the data came from

G to go to each one of these and do the
same
thing come here final
one click save all right so that
finalizes this view here I'm going to go
ahead and add in a new grid here just
going to call it all scenes create new
and move that to the top here now in
this view I'm going to go ahead and
group it by the story that way all of
the scenes are grouped together with the
story and then I'm going to hide a bunch
of the fields because we don't need them
I'm going to start and just hide all
Fields I'm going to enable the scene the
AI image promps the videos the audio
video and the merged version the created
and last modified date and then also the
column ready so that we can see when the
completed videos matches the number of
videos that we have and then I'm just
going to rearrange these a little bit
I'm going to put the created down here
last modified I'll move the ready to
here I'm going to shrink the screen just
down a little bit so we can see a bit
more now we can see the scene ID the
scene itself the prompts all of the
videos that we've generated from the AI
the audio the audio voice over the
completed video the merged and whether
it is ready and this actually should go
right here and I'll make this a little
bit smaller and then in preparation for
later I'm going to add a new section
just going to call it automations this
is how we're going to trigger different
things and I'll add a section for scenes
put this here I'll add another section
for other add this here move automations
right here so I'm back in stories now
let's go ahead and add the lookup tables
that we need from the scenes table we
want to pull in all of the videos that
we create so that we can assemble them
and build that final video so here we
can come up to the scenes going to add a
lookup field we're going to scroll down
and add the audio and video version so
from the scenes table we are going to
pull in the finalized merged audio and
video version of the scene I'm going to
go ahead and rename it and just pull off
the extra text that they add go ahead
and and click save now here as well I'm
going to add a few other records we're
going to have a ready to go checkbox
that we can use to fire off the initial
automation create field and I'm going to
create a done checkbox that we can use
to clear out done

videos
done create the field as always I'm
going to add a record ID just in case I
need it
formula record ID again you can type
record ID close the

parentheses create field now just like
we created a ready field in the scenes
table we need to do the same in stories
so we need a column that calculates how
many videos we should have by how many
scenes we have and then how many are
completed by how many videos we actually
have here in the audio plus video so I'm
going to add a new column we'll call it
num scenes and we'll do a count and we
will count the number of scenes we'll go
ahead and create that field then we'll
go ahead and duplicate this duplicate
here we will rename it to completed
scenes and so to complete just the
completed scenes we need to enable this
here and change this to the audio and
video where it is not empty then we can
go ahead and click save and then we can
add a ready column this is going to be a
formula and then you can copy this in
just as I have it here and then you can
go ahead and create that field and then
finally just for reference I'm also
going to add a created and
modified created
time and modified
time and I use this just for debugging
it makes it a lot easier so with that
our storage table should be complete
let's go ahead and do some final touches
and then we can move along to the final
automations I'm going to create three
new sections here just to prepare for
the next phase I'm going to call this
one other I'm going to call this one
stories and this one automations I'll
put this all stories here I'm going to
duplicate it and call this one all data
and Fields that way we have a field that
just always shows us everything it's
good for debugging and in all stories
here I'm just going to rearrange things
here and I realized that there's one
other column we need to add so we've got
the story type and we can put in the
source and then it's going to generate
the story so let's bring that over here
we don't need to see the actual prompts
here so I'm going to go ahead and hide
those same with this one here the Json
prompt going to remove and when I say
remove I mean hide we don't need to see
the heights here and the dimensions so I
will hide those as

well we don't need to see the actual
links to the scenes here I'm going to
hide that we don't need to see the
combined audio and video although maybe
if we're debugging it it'll be nice to
have that so I'll leave that and make
this a little bit smaller make this one
a little bit
bigger I'm going to put ready to go
right here we don't need to see the
record ID I'm going to remove numb
scenes completed scenes we'll leave the
ready the done and the created and last
modified I'm going to shrink the story
ID down a little bit move this down a
little bit one thing we do need to add
is the final video so I'm going to come
up to this carrot here I'm going to add
to the right I'm going to add an
attachment and here we are going to type
video we'll go ahead and create that
field do some minor adjustments here
just to make things a little bit easier
to see you can do the same on yours all
right so now we're in good shape to move
on to the actual automation and build
this all out if we missed anything in
the air table buildout then we can add
that in as we go but I think we have
pretty much everything we need and if
you're enjoying this video make sure to
like And subscribe to the channel it
tells me what type of content you want
more of all right so let's jump into the
automations now I'm going to build them
out trunks this is the section that
builds the story and the scenes then
we'll move on to the section that builds
out the animated images and still images
then this section here assembles the
various videos that we created into the
full scene and also the audio this
merges the audio and video and then this
finally builds out the entire full video
all right so let's start here I've got a
blank automation here I'm going to go
ahead and rename this just so I can
start to build it out content Story
magic demo I'll even just save it and
then I'm going to jump back to air table
real quick and update the base name
content Story magic demo and so for the
first step here we need to generate the
story and then from the story we need to
generate all of the different scenes and
then for each scene we need to generate
the different AI image prompts that will
be assembled together to build the
videos and so on so I'm going to go
ahead and remove this row here we don't
need it I'll jump back to stories I'm
going to delete these to test rows and
if you want to use the same Source
material that I'm using in My Demo here
you can find it at the same place where
I linked up the story prompt and also
the story Json prompts so I believe this
orally came from CNN I'm going to go
ahead and cut and paste that into there
and then I'm going to go ahead and
adjust the height of these columns so
that we can see a bit more now here's
where we need to start to build out some
additional views that will allow us to
trigger our new automation I'm going to
go ahead and create a air table node
here that allows us to watch for
responses this is actually a web hook in
disguised and it's just going to give us
a URL that we can call from Air table to
trigger this initial process process the
one that we're going to build out right
here so go ahead and add you can click
save it's going to give us a URL go
ahead and click okay just so we don't
lose anything I'm going to come back to
air table I'm going to come down here
and I'm going to create a new grid I'm
going to name this
grid generate story and after we create
one or two of these then we can just
start to copy them and we don't have to
take so much time I'm going to move that
new grid into automations and then I'm
going to adjust the filter here so that
only certain rows will enter this view
we don't want just any record coming
into this View and generating a request
to make we only want specific ones so
first and foremost we want to make sure
we have a source so I'm going to say
source is not empty and then I only want
a row that has no story so once we've
generated a story we definitely don't
want it showing up in this view so I'm
going to change that to story is empty
and we also want to make sure that we
gave it a story type remember we have
these story types here we want to make
sure that we have apply that so that we
know the given prompt and the Json
prompt that we need to use those are
associated with the story types remember
we Define those here so back here again
I'm going to add another condition where
the story type is not empty and then
we're going to add one more which is
ready to go is checked notice that the
row that we had here fell out of the
view because that is not checked now
next I'm going to jump into the
automation section here I'm going to
create our first automation add a
trigger when a record enters a view
let's go ahead and name it now I'm going
to call it generate story and then we're
going to update the table to stories and
the view is generate story so now when a
new row enters this view it's going to
generate a trigger which will then allow
us to run an Automation and in this case
we are going to run a script I'm going
to cut and paste some code here in just
a second but before I do that we do need
to add an input variable record ID and
then we can add a column and this data
that we're adding here is from
this step here so we're referencing the
a table ID of this row that comes into
view here in our script so again I'm
going to come back to edit code and add
this here so in that trigger I need to
pull in this record ID here so I'm going
to erase this line here and insert this
code here what this code is going to do
is simply call the remote web hook that
we are creating on this side so I'm
going to come back here I'm going to
copy this address to clipboard and add
it here into the code make sure you
follow the case that I'm using on this
variable name here it does matter record
uppercase i lowercase D we copied in the
URL and then notice here we are also
passing an action equals generate story
that way we can Branch off in our
Automation and only perform the action
we need for any given call at this point
I should be able to finish editing I'm
going to jump back to data real quick
I'm going to go ahead and Mark ready to
go if I come back to generate story we
should have that row here now so if I
come back to the automation I should be
able to choose a record because that is
now in the view I should now be able to
come to this script and Trigger that but
first before I do that I'm going to come
to this Automation and run it once come
back to a table we'll test that action
we should see that pop through here that
just came through so if we open up this
little bubble we are going to see the
record ID from that row and then also
the action generate story so from that
we can now create a route that will only
operate off of that particular action
We'll add a router here we are going to
add a filter the condition is going to
be the action and is going to be equal
to generate story make sure you spell it
the same way go ahead and click okay for
now I'm going to go ahead and delete
this module now this particular action
is going to perform two different
actions so I'm going to add a another
router it'll come here it'll do the
first action and then it'll come through
and do the second one so the first thing
that we're going to do is we're actually
going to pull up the full record here we
only have the record ID we don't have
any of this data yet so we need to pull
that up so I'm going to do that here I'm
going to go to air table we're going to
get a record here you will need to
create a new connection to your air
table base go ahead and go to add
connection type ooth
content Story magic demo save you'll
want to add a base content story here's
my demo here make sure you grab the
right one go ahead and Grant access
it'll select that connection and you can
continue pick your base in this case
we're going to grab the table stories
and for record ID we are going to use
the record
ID from this module here you can go
ahead and click okay then we need to add
a chat GPT completion this is going to
generate our story create a completion
if you don't already have a connection
you'll need to add a connection to your
open API account for model I'm going to
use system 40 and then we will add a
message for roll we'll use user and so
for the message content we are going to
use our source which is our source
article and then we will want to add our
story prompt text make sure to expand
that and grab the actual message here
and not the array you can go ahead and
click okay for Max tokens you can just
pick zero and click okay now if you'd
like you can go ahead and add an airor
Handler sometimes this is good I use The
Brak module if you try to execute too
many connections at once this will rerun
it later without having to restart I'll
go with five and one and then you can
add a filter here for the condition
you'll use the message and you'll want
to say contains 429 then you can click
okay you can move that down and then add
the next step we just simply need to
update the story row with the story that
we generated here go to air table update
record make sure you pick the connection
content Story magic demo you're going to
have to update your permissions to also
write just go through that same process
add base pick the same demo that you're
using Grant access then you've picked
the base table stories for the record ID
you're going to use the same record ID
from the original request and you're
simply going to drop the result of that
GPT into the story you can add the
result you can come down here and click
okay you can go ahead and click save now
because we are using the brake module
here and you are going to get a warning
because we are using the air handling
here it's just telling us that we need
to enable incomplete executions in order
for this to work go ahead and click save
but you can come down here to the Gear
right here you'll say allow storing of
incomplete executions go ahead and click
okay again you can click save you won't
get that warning this time and then you
can go ahead and align everything to to
fix the alignment and then from here we
can build out the other Branch let's go
ahead and look up the record again here
we're going to go to air table get a
record pick the correct connection the
right base table stories again the
record ID is from the original step
click okay now we're going to create a
another chat GPT completion create a
completion select the connection model
I'm going to go ahead and use 40 again
as well we're going to create a new
message roll is user message content
this time we are going to use the scenes
Json prompt and this time we're going to
use the actual story that we generated
in this step here for Max tokens you can
go ahead and put zero come down here to
show advanced settings for response
format you can move this to Json and
then you can go ahead and click okay now
again if you want you can add an error
Handler break attempt it five times with
a minute break in each interval add a
filter message contains 429 which again
is the error code for too many requests
you can move this down next up we need
to parse the response from chat GPT so
we're going to add a Json module right
here parse Json and we're going to pass
it the result right here go ahead and
click okay let's go ahead and save
everything it's going to give you a
warning that a Transformer should not be
the last module you can save anyway and
then let's go ahead and run this again
it's going to give you a warning just
click run anyway and then let's come
back to air table come back to our
Automation and let's go ahead and test
this action again jump back to make so
we can see it run it got past our filter
created the story updated the story
let's double check to make sure the
story is there notice that it fell out
of this generate story section because
it was looking for an entry that had no
story if we come back to all stories we
now see that we have the actual story
then we loaded up that story and send it
to CAD GPT let's look at the output
let's look at the result so inside this
Json that we asked chat GPT to create we
have the narration plus the AI image
prompts and then we sent it to parse
Json so if we look at the output there
now we can see that we have broken it
down into make so we can use these in
the next steps so that's looking good
let's keep going now we just need to
create an iterator in a couple more
steps so I'm going to add an iterator
here and we are going to iterate over
the pairs so we can go ahead and just
select that there and then click okay
now we need to convert using a Json
module transform to Json each of these
values into a string that we can write
to air table go ahead and click okay so
next we need to create a new row in the
scenes table that is linked up to the
story which is going to create the
scenes for the story so however many
scenes that we generated from chat GPT
it's going to create one new row for
each scene and then it's going to drop
in the image prompts for each scene
because for each scene we break up that
scene into multiple different parts so
if we have one scene it might have three
different images associated with it so
we'll come here we'll go to air table
we're going to create a record again
make sure you pick the right connection
the right base content Story magic demo
table in this case we're going going to
pick scenes you're going to leave the
scene ID blank for the scene we are
going to use the original this is the
narration and then for AI image prompts
we are going to use the Json string that
is coming from this transformation you
want to make sure to grab that that is a
object here we need to grab the actual
string double click that it'll add it
right in here at the story you want to
make sure you link it back to the
original story we're creating these new
rows but they need to link to the story
here so here you're going to add in the
record ID of the original story which is
this record ID here you can go ahead and
click okay you can now click save
actually we need to run this here so
it's waiting for a connection and then
we can test that trigger again in the
generate story automation it's going to
come through it's going to come through
this filter it's going to create the
story again now it's going to create
that Json again except this time it is
going to parse it and then iterate
through and create the scenes with the
image prompts so you can see here if we
open this up and we look at the pairs we
had six different scenes each scene has
multiple image
prompts here so it created six different
rows so if we come back to air table and
then we jump over to the scenes for this
story here we have six different scenes
and now we have the AI image prompts
that we can use when we send those to
Leonardo so now we're in good shape we
can move on to the next branch make sure
you're saving as we go all right so now
that we completed the story generation
and the scene generation now we can
continue forward with the section that
actually generates the AI images and the
video images now in this case we're
going to start with just the image
generation and we're going to complete
the entire automation with just still
images and then at the end we'll make a
slight tweak to add in the animated
videos that are created from that still
image so back in a table I am noticing
one issue that I just spotted right now
is this column here we need to tweak it
it is a text field it needs to be an
auto number field so I'm going to edit
that and then I'm just going to change
this to Auto number and then we'll click
save you can go ahead and confirm the
change and now we can continue forward
we've got our three scenes with all of
the prompts and we're in good shape to
move forward so now I'm going to jump
back to our Automation and we are going
to create another route and then I'm
going to go ahead and just start to
align this as I go to make it easier to
work on and so the next thing we need to
do is we need to trigger another event
and then load up the scene to start
working through the AI image prompts so
I'm going to go ahead and create an a
table module here we're going to get a
record again you need to pick the right
connection and this time instead of the
stories we're going to grab the scenes
and the record ID is again going to be
the record ID that we get in this module
here record ID you can go ahead and
click save and then you're going to want
to add a filter here so that we only
filter on the correct action in this
case we are going to add the action and
here we're going to type generate scene
videos and then you can go ahead and
click okay okay go ahead and click save
now let's come back to air table and now
we're going to need to create a new view
to trigger off of so let's create a new
grid we'll call this generate scene
videos create new view we can drag this
into the automations now we need to add
some filters so that only the rows that
we need to create Images for show up in
this view we're going to add a condition
where scene is not empty add another
condition where AI image prompts is not
empty so again we want to make sure we
have the voice over and then also the
image prompts before we process this and
then we also want to make sure that
there are currently no videos so that we
don't trigger the same thing twice so
here we're going to video apis is empty
we have a scene we have the prompts but
we do not have the videos yet or images
in this case and again just to reiterate
I'm using this table here to either
store still images to build the faceless
video from or anim videos that are
created from that still image so even
though it says video API it could be
still images or animated videos
depending on what part of the automation
we are working on right now so now we
have six rows that are coming into this
automation here so now we need to
trigger those and send them over to
make.com so I'm going to come here and
duplicate this automation that we
previously built I'm going to change
this to generate scene videos and then
I'm going to change this here from the
storage table to the scenes table and
then we need to change the view here to
generate scene videos and then we should
be able to choose a record we should see
six different records here I'm going to
go ahead and pick the first one and then
I'm going to jump into the script here
we need to make one minor change for the
most part we can cut and paste this it's
going to be going to the same location
but we do need to send a different
action so here I'm going to change this
to generate scene videos and then I'm
going to come up here and click finish
editing I'm going to jump back over to
the automation I'm going to just make
sure again that it's saved I'm going to
run it once I jump back to air table
then we will test the action and now we
should see that come through to our
automation it passed our filter and then
it was able to get that scene from Air
table so now we can continue on building
this out so in this next step here we
are going to parse a Json we're going to
use the Json module parse Json and for
the Json string I'm going to copy this
from my template make sure you respect
the upper and lower case here you can
type that in since I'm cutting and past
thing I've got to fix that broken
variable it was from my other Automation
and then I'm going to replace it with
the AI image prompts that's all we need
there we can go ahead and click okay all
right so now that I have the Json module
here I'm going to go ahead and save it's
going to give us a warning I'm going to
go ahead and save anyway and then just
go ahead and run this once again I'm
going to ignore the warning and then I'm
going to trigger this from Air table
again go ahead and test the action from
the generate scenes video it's going to
trigger through it's not going to load
up that Json so now that we have some
sample output that we can use now I can
continue on with the automation we're
going to add the iterator right here and
now for the array value we can go ahead
and add in this here we can go ahead and
click okay and now we can go ahead and
add in the
Leonardo module here we're going to
generate an image now I already have my
connections but I'm going to walk you
through how to set them up we're going
to need one for the Ste images and then
when we Circle back later we'll need a
different one for the animated videos
and before I do that I'm going to come
back over to air table and I'm going to
create a new automation I'm going to
rename this to Leonardo a image we're
going to receive the web Hook from
Leonardo here so I'm going to go ahead
and click see all win web hook received
and now I'm going to go ahead and copy
this so that I have it when I create my
key now do keep in mind that when you
add your billing information you want to
make sure you buy credits in the API
don't buy it for the regular interface
as if you were working through the web
portal you want to make sure you buy a
subscription that has API access down
here and then you can go ahead and
create a new key we're going to call
this the content story Magic Image key
and you're going to add this web hook
callback URL right here just add that in
from Air table and then you will go
ahead and generate that key then you can
come here and copy that key come back to
the automation you're going to add that
here add that to your API key make sure
to call this the image
key so we know that it's the image
versus the animated video go ahead and
click save it's going to connect for the
prompt you'll want to use this value
from the iterator here for the model go
ahead and type Kino this is the model
I'm using here you can experiment with
this another time there's lots of
different options here to create
different types of images for number of
images go ahead and put one for Source
you can leave that blank but you're
going to want to expand this here you
can go ahead and make sure that your
images are not public for height you're
going to select the image height not the
output height output is for the final
output size of the video we create in
this case we are passing through the
image size that we want Leonardo to
create so go ahead and pick the image
height and then pick this inner value
here one and then for the width you're
going to pick the image width expand
this and again pick that little value
right there accidentally put it here so
I'm going to delete that make sure it
has the open and close bracket come down
to width image width and then you can
scroll down and just make sure you pick
the SD version number two and then you
can go ahead and click okay and go ahead
and click save so now that we have our
Leonardo module I'm going to go ahead
and create an additional step we're
going to create a row in air table
create a row again use the same
connection pick the base for the table
this time we are going to pick video API
again we are going to use the same table
for whether it's still images or an
animated video for the job ID you want
to use the image generation job ID for
the scene you can add this we're going
to use the scene that we triggered from
this original state here which is this
module down here module one record ID
and we don't actually have the still
image or video yet even though we made
the call to Leonardo and it continues on
to create the row in this video API
table to track that video and ultimately
save it it takes a little time for
Leonardo to actually generate that image
and so when it's done it's going to use
this call back that we added and it's
going to send that here to this
automation and then we can finish this
out here so I'm going to go ahead and
click okay I'm going to go ahead and
click save I'm going to go ahead and
click run once I'm going to jump back to
air table I'm going to go to this
automation here generate scen videos and
I'm going to trigger this once here
we're going to see that patch through go
through and now leonar is going to
create that image and then it's going to
start looping through and creating the
rows so if I jump back to air table to
the data we now see that we have a job
and now we have a second job and it'll
soon have a third job but again no video
correct so now we're just going to jump
back to the automations we're going to
go to this automation that we created
with the web hook and as long as you set
up your API correctly with the web Hook
when you come back to air table you
should start to see that there is a
request coming through you can always
test the trigger but what you're going
to see here is the data from Leonardo
coming through to air table so next up
I'm going to add a script here and now
the value that I'm dropping in here is
also in that same place that I gave you
the prompts earlier that you you could
cut and paste simply just cut and paste
that code directly into this script and
click finish editing then you can
continue on with the automation here I'm
going to go find records and then we are
going to use the video API table you're
going to find records based off of
condition then you're going to add a
condition you're going to say where the
job ID change this to
is go ahead and come to the Gear go to
Dynamic now you can select this little
plus you're going to select from when
web hook received you'll come into the
body scr scroll down to the data then
you come into the object and then you'll
pick this object ID here click that
object ID then you should be able to
test the action it should find a row
next you can add a step update record
for table you're going to pick the video
API table for record ID you will use the
record ID from find records scroll down
pick record ID then you're going to
update the fields choose field video
you'll use the little plus again we're
going to use the data from the web hook
received into the body scroll down to
the data into the object then you will
scroll down until you find the url of
the image you'll need to go into images
and from there you scroll down you'll
pick this URL here then you can do run
as configured run test should update the
record and if I come back to the data
you'll see that it updated the last
record and it's the last record because
it got three web hook calls but we only
were able to process the last one during
testing so now we have that image and
now what we can do is we can come back
to automations and we can turn on this
web hook so that from now on it'll run
automatically then we can also jump back
to our automation we can do a run once
waiting for a new request jump back to
air table going to go to generate scene
videos I'm going to test action here
jump back to make you should see that
pop through got past the filter now it's
looping through the different prompts
it's generating image number one and
while these are running I'm going to
jump back to air table jump back to the
data and I'm going to delete these
original three rows don't delete any of
the new rows that it's adding here but
these original Three that it created in
our previous test I'm going to delete
those delete all and then if I jump back
to the automation here to the Leonardo
image Automation and I look at the Run
history we should see those three
entries coming through one already ran
successfully so if I jump back to the
data we're seeing those images starting
to come through looks like there's one
that hasn't fully finished then there it
is so like I said we're going to start
here we now have our images for a single
scene looks like we're about halfway
through like I said I'm going to come
back through after we finished the rest
of the automations where we build the
entire video using the still images I'm
going to come back through and then
we're going to do one more Leonardo API
call to create the animated images and
then we'll just run the same process
again with those but for now we are
ready to move on to the next Automation
and if I do come back here to air table
you will notice that now there is only
five rows in the automation section
where we generate the scenes because we
now have all three images for this scene
here and so now you can see here it's
mapping those three still images here
and it's also marking this column ready
to move to the next step so then if you
had all of your automations on including
the make automation all of these things
all of these scenes would be processed
as well but let's now move on to this
next section here which is going to
generate combined video from the three
still images right here using Json to
video.com and then also using 11 labs to
build out the voice over that will be
added to that video so now if we jump
back to air table we have one row that
is ready so now we can create a new view
for the next automation let's come down
here and create a new grid view we'll
call this build scene audio plus video
create that new view we'll move that up
here into the automations for this
filter we are going to make sure that
ready is equal to one so now we have one
row here and then there's one other
condition that the audio and video
combined file is
empty that way it doesn't run multiple
times now we can come up to the
automation I'm going to put all of our
web hooks at the top and then I'm going
to duplicate this view here best to dupc
duplicate this one and not this one
because this revolved around stories and
here we are continuing to deal with
scenes so there's just fewer things I
need to change so I'm going to duplicate
this here I'm going to change this to
generate
scene Audio Plus video I'm going to
change my trigger the table stays the
same scenes but I'm going to change the
view to build scene audio and video and
then I'm going to change the code here
we can leave this the same but we do
need to change the action to generate
scene audio video then we can go ahead
and click finish editing then I'm going
to jump back to the automation I'm going
to create a additional route here I'm
going to go ahead and auto align this
route will also call another router so
I'll go ahead and build that now an
additional router with two spots I'm
going to align that and then I'm going
to add the filter here again we're going
to use the action that comes through
from the web hook action and we will
name it
generate scene audio video we'll come
down here to okay I'm going to go ahead
and click save want to make sure you're
doing that periodically let's go ahead
and run that once let's jump back to air
table and let's trigger to make sure
everything's functioning looks like it's
trying to test two steps because I
didn't find an additional row here first
so I'm going to jump back to step number
one choose record should only be one row
because there's only one row that's
ready jump back to step two here going
to go ahead and test that action jump to
make should see that pipe through here
go through the correct path it looks
like it would have continued we've got
the green check mark so now we can start
to build out these two automations so as
always the first thing I need to do is I
need to go to a table and get the record
that we are working with you're going to
pick the correct Connection in my case
the content Story magic demo pick your
base pick your table scenes and for
record ID we'll use the record ID from
this step here record ID go ahead and
click okay then we need to build out an
iterator we're going to Loop through the
different images that we've created open
iterator and here we are going to use
the videos array make sure you grab the
entire array and don't pick audio or
video make sure you grab videos go ahead
and click okay and now we're going to
create a Json so go ahead here to Json
and create Json and to make this a lot
easier we're going to add a data
structure and we're going to call this
Json
to
video part and then we're going to click
here and click generate and then for the
sample data you can find this in the
same document that I provided to you to
find the prompts and the other variables
go ahead and make sure you use the Json
to video part copy that directly here go
ahead and hit generate it's going to
generate this here all you have to do is
come down here to save and then once
that's there you can add an element and
now we can fill in the variables here
for Source you'll want to grab the URL
from the iterator which is iterating
through the videos variable that's in a
table here which are these here if for
some reason this isn't coming up make
sure you just save it and reload it but
it should be there go ahead and click
the URL for your source for type we are
going to Type image a little later in
the video we're going to come back and
rename that to video when we use the
animated videos for Zoom you can go
ahead and put two what that's going to
do is slightly zoom in on each still
image to give it some motion for width
here we are going to start to use the
output width and output height instead
of the image width and height so make
sure you use the output height open this
up and grab the within that for the
height you are going to grab the output
height number one for duration because
it's an image we're going to go ahead
and put 5 Seconds that means we are
going to sit on each image for about 5
seconds and for position you're going to
type center dash Center and now you can
go ahead and click okay and then you can
save it's going to give you a warning
but you can save anyway now you can
continue on with the automation we're
going to add another Json in this case
we are going to parse the Json and we
are going to use the string from the
previous step this Json string go ahead
and click okay and then you can close
out the iterator with the close iterator
for the source module you'll use this
iterator here in my case it is 34 now
because this automation hasn't run
before it looks like it's not giving us
the elements that is coming out of this
step here so go ahead and click okay go
ahead and click save it's going to give
you a warning save anyway go ahead and
run that module ignore the warning run
anyway jump back up to air table jump
into the automation make sure you're in
generate scene audio and video and then
and you can test that action jump back
to make should patch through and it
should finally create that value so that
you can come in here and now you should
be able to select elements click okay
now we need to create an additional Json
go ahead and add another module create
Json this time we're going to add a new
one we're going to call it Json to video
scene and we're going to again go to
generate and for this we are going to
use this block of code here just copy
that entire piece from the doc that I
provided to you into the sample data
click generate it's going to generate
this structure here you can go ahead and
click save now we can add in the
different fields that we need to for the
ID here we are going to pass in the
scene ID that we are working with so
that when Json to video is done
processing that video in a similar way
that Leonardo called air table with the
finished image js on De video is going
to send us the final video and so we
need that ID to link it back and find it
in air table so here for ID we are going
to use the record ID from the initial
module for FPS we can just put 25 leave
cache and draft empty for width we are
going to again use the output width open
this up and select the inner value for
height you're going to use output height
again open it up and use the inner value
I accidentally added it here go ahead
and delete that if you did the same come
down to height go inside that variable
if you made a mistake make sure you have
the open bracket and closing otherwise
just start from scratch and do it again
height output height now for the scenes
you're going to click this little map
button and it's going to give you a
place that you can just simply add in a
field once you click in here you're
going to add this entire array so what
we did is we basically looped through to
create the three elements for our scene
and now we need to tell Json to video
what those scenes are this is the final
Json that we need to create for them we
created a Json with the scenes and now
we're inserting that into into the
master build request now we're going to
expand exports and again here for
destinations and now be very careful
when you type this it's very important
that you get this right you are going to
type here web hook and then for content
type you are going to type app location
SL Json just like this application SL
Json and for the endpoint we need to
create a new web hook inside of air
table so I'm going to jump back to air
table and I'm going to create a new
automation I'm going to call this Json
to video scene I'm going to create a new
trigger I'm going to go to see all and
I'm going to Wi a web Hook is received
then I'm going to copy this web hook
back into the automation here at that
end point for Quality I'm going to put
high for resolution I'm going to put
custom and everything else can be left
as is settings and elements everything
else here is good to go so I'm going to
go ahead and click okay and now in this
final step we need to make the call to
Json to video so I'm going I'm going to
go to http you can type HTTP here we're
going to make a request for the URL you
can copy this as it is here for the
method you're going to move that to post
for the headers you're going to add in
x- api-key you will need to create an
account and get access to your API key
you'll copy your API key into the value
here for body type you are going to use
raw for content type you are going to
select application SL Json for the
request content you're we're going to
use what we built in the previous step
Json string and you want to parse the
response go ahead and click okay
everything should be good I'm going to
go ahead and save that request and then
I'm going to go ahead and run once I'm
going to jump back to air table I'm
going to move my triggers back up to the
top I'm going to keep my web hook
triggers up at the top and then my air
table triggers down here I'm going to
re-trigger this automation here to spark
this here it's making the call to Json
to video open this up we have a status
code 200 we know that was successful so
I'm going to jump back to air table and
fairly shortly if I jump back to the
Json to video scene once that video has
completed it should give us some data
here that we can use to build out the
rest of the automation I'm going to test
the trigger here if you don't see
anything right away it means Json to
video is processing your video you can
always go to Json to video and look at
your render log they will show you the
videos that they are working with looks
like they did finish it so if I come
back to air table and we test the
trigger again now it looks like we have
that request back from them I can go
into the body there it is there's the
video and now I can simply create the
next step which is to update the scene
again we're going to use the table scene
remember in the previous step we passed
the record ID to Json to video and now
inside of air table they passed it back
to us so if we come back here to the
plus and we use the data from the web
hook we go into the body we can scroll
down and we look for ID there's the ID
the record ID and now all we need to do
is update the video here
with the URL from Json to video so we
can use the blue checkbox again go into
the body scroll down there's the asset
there and we can move run as configured
and we can run the test and before I
jump back to test it I'm going to go
ahead and turn this one on I'm turning
on all the web hooks now I will turn
these Triggers on when we are done I'm
going to jump back to the data and now
we have that video here I can open this
up and play the still images notice
there's a slight Zoom should switch
every 5 Seconds
slight Zoom it's just still images at
this time another 5 seconds and it moves
to the next image so we are good to go
there the final thing we need to do is
generate the audio so I'm going to jump
back to the Automation and we'll build
out this second phase here I'm going to
go ahead and just clone this because
it's a similar
module I'll remove this double check
everything is correct we're just loading
up the same record that we did did here
and now we're going to generate the
audio with 11 Labs 11 Labs we're going
to create a speech synthesis I'm going
to go ahead and use the atom voice here
for the model I'll use 11 multilingual
version 2 for the text we are going to
use what's in the scene this is the
voice over we jump back to air table
quickly we'll see the scene here with
the voice over we can leave the rest of
these as is we'll go ahead and click
okay we can go ahead and move on I'm use
Google Drive to save the generated file
from 11 Labs going to upload a file I
have a temporary directory that I'm
going to use folder location just going
to select this here I have a trash
folder that I use for temporary files so
I'm going to select that and then you
can map it to the file from the previous
step just like that you can also enter a
specific ID if you create a folder and
just grab the ID from the URL you can do
it that way in this case I'm just going
to select from the list and grab my
temporary trash folder and click okay
now I'm going to create a shared link so
that I can upload it to air table Google
Drive scroll down I'm going to get a
share
link wasn't sure what that error was
just cleared that out for the file ID
I'm going to use the previous step file
ID you want to make sure that the type
is anyone is a reader allow file
discover you can leave that off go ahead
and click okay now all we need to do is
drop that file back into air table going
to go to air table we're going to update
a record pick the right connection go to
the right base then we're going to grab
the table we're going to use the scene
and this time we are going to update the
audio so you can go ahead and add
another item for the file URL you can
use the web content link make sure you
use the web content link and for the
record ID again you can use the record
ID that had triggered the entire process
from the very beginning in Step number
one go ahead and click okay then you can
go ahead and Trigger this one time and
then we can come back to air table we
can can go to the automation we can go
to generate scene audio video we can
test this process jump back to the
automation should see it come down
through here it's going to call Json a
video one more time then it's going to
go through the process of generating the
audio and then updating air table if I
jump back to air table we go to the data
we now have the Audio I should be able
to open this up and play it in a high
stakes cover up burglar executed LA's
most so it's just reading here from the
scene so there we go we have that next
piece in play the next section we need
to build out is right here which is
going to merge the audio and video
together into one file we're going to
call Json to video to do that work and
then it's going to drop that merged file
right here first I'm going to create
another view we're going to call this
merge Audio Plus video we're going to do
create new view we'll move this up to
the automation section here for the
filter we want to make sure a video
exists so we will search for
video make sure not to grab videos video
is not empty and audio is not

empty and then we want to make sure that
the audio video is empty this one here
is empty and now only rows that are
ready to process for this new automation
will run we're going to jump back let's
come to our automations let's go ahead
and duplicate this automation we'll
rename it to
merge audio and video we'll come to the
trigger we'll change the view we can
leave the table as is but we're going to
change the view remember I'm copying
from this section here cuz this one was
connected to stories so we'll change
this to merge audio and video choose
record and we'll choose the record
that's there now I'm going to jump over
to the script I'm going to make a quick
edit here we can leave everything pretty
much the same except I need to change
this to merge audio video merge audio

video merge audio video finish editing
now I'm going to jump over to the
automation I'm going to create a new
route going to go ahead and align that
going to add the filter condition action
we'll update this to merge audio and
video and click okay and now as always
we need to load the record I'm going to
go ahead and clone this again just to
speed things
up although when I did that it messed up
the filter which is a pain redo that
real quick careful about that that's a
downfall I should have cloned it first
action merge audio video we'll go ahead
and click okay now we need to create a
Json create a Json in this case I'm
going to do an add I'm going to rename
this to Json to video merge audio and

video I'm going to click here generate
from the document I'm going to go here
to Json to video I'm going to grab this
section here I'm going to copy that
going to jump back to the sample data
I'm going to drop that in there then I'm
going to go ahead and click generate
it's going to generate the Json for me
I'll go ahead and click cck save again
here for the ID we are going to add in
the ID from this module here in the
beginning record ID FPS we can put 25 we
can leave the cash and the draft alone
for the width we're going to use the
output width open it up grab the inner
value for the height we're going to go
ahead and grab the output height inner
value now we're going to go ahead and
add scenes and we're going to have two
elements here we're going to add element
one and element two for the source
you're going to open this up and add the
source of the video first so here's the
video you're going to open that up and
you're going to grab the URL for type
you're going to type video and for
duration you're going to put minus 2 and
what the minus two does is it tells Json
to video to limit the length of the
video to the audio so the audio is going
to be the master in terms of determining
the length of this new video then we're
going to go to the source of the second
element here and this time it's going to
be the audio we're going to grab the URL
I accidentally added that to the
duration so I'm going to erase that and
make sure I'm in the source of item two
going make sure I didn't delete the
duration here going to go to audio URL
type going to go ahead and type audio
for duration you're going to add
negative one which tells Json to video
that we are using the full length of the
audio as the master length so for
Quality I'll type high and actually for
cache and draft go ahead and just put no
and and for Quality put high for
resolution put custom and then the last
thing we need to add is the exports add
an export then you'll add a destination
for type you're going to type web hook
for content type you're going to put
application SL Json and now we need a
new endpoint for this new operation so
let's come back to air table we can go
ahead and copy this Json to video scene
make sure not to copy this one let's
copy this one here we'll duplicate it
let's rename it to Json to video audio
plus video then let's come here to the
web hook let's grab this URL come back
to our automation we'll drop that in the
endpoint here then we'll come back to
air table we're not going to be able to
finish this until we actually have a
value here it'll automatically fix
itself once we do or we'll have to clean
it up either way so I think everything
is good here I'm going to go ahead and
click okay and real quick I'm going to
jump back to this previous Json and just
also put cach equals no and and draft is
no as well that's in the previous Json
video I'm not entirely sure what those
do but I noticed they were in mine so
I'm going to go ahead and just put those
we'll go ahead and click okay so now we
should be able to move on to the final
call here just to make things easier I'm
going to go ahead and clone the previous
Json to video web call use it here go
ahead and open this back up everything
should be good except you'll notice that
the request content is broken so you'll
fix that with the contents of what we
have here Json string go ahead and click
okay you can go ahead and click save you
can go ahead and click run now let's
jump back to air table we need to
trigger this and get a video coming
through the system to finalize so I'm
going to jump back to our trigger here
merge audio video we already updated
this here I'm going to test the action
jump back to make created the Json let's
see if our request was successful status
code 200 that's good jump to Json to
video Let's see if it's rendering our
video so that's running so as soon as
that's done running then it will trigger
that web hook so now that that's done we
can jump back to air table jump into to
the Json to video audio to video web
hook jump into step number one looks
like something came through just a
second ago you can always test the
trigger again it's going to grab the
most recent web hook we can see inside
the body looks like it fixed our
automation so once we come in here the
scene it's already finding the record ID
and it's updating the video although
this is the wrong field to update make
sure you change this you want to change
this to the field which is Audio Plus
video and then we're going to update
this this here jump into the body of the
web hook scroll down grab the URL going
to run as configured here and then you
can run the test and then I'll turn this
back on going to leave the actual
triggers off but all of our web hooks I
just turn those on as we build them jump
over to the data notice that that row
left the view here because we added the
video and now if I jump over here we
have the completed scene so I'll go
ahead and play that in a high stakes
cover up burglar executed LA's most so
that looks good so jump back over to
make let's just make sure everything is
saved and now at this point what we want
to do is really trigger the rest of the
process so that we have the completed
merged audio and video for every single
scene to finally finish the final video
and do the last automation that we need
to build right here which is going to
take all of those scenes and build one
final video and also add the captions
right so in order to do this what we
need to do is we need to trick the
system into triggering again so now what
I'm going to do is I'm going to go ahead
and turn on all these automations
they're working as expected and now one
way we can kind of trick this system is
to come back to the data I'm going to go
back to scenes I'm going to go to the
build scenes because we haven't even
built the scenes yet for these we've
only generated the videos this section
here for this one row so I'm going to
come to build scene and audio actually
I'm going to come to generate scenes
right so now here's the problem is that
these have been been sitting here and
they're no longer going to trigger
anything so I'm just going to come up
here to the filter and add something
just to get rid of it so I'm going to
add scene and I'm just going to put
something unreal here click okay
continue so everything disappears I'm
going to turn this automation on now if
it ever asks you to process all data
just go ahead and delete old data start
it from scratch are you sure you want to
delete the old data yeah and during
testing it's better all I really want is
all of our new data if there's anything
sitting in there I don't want that there
I'm going to back out you have to back
out so that you can kind of see if
things are running correctly now I'm
going to jump back into air table double
check that I turned on these automations
okay and then I'm going to come here to
generate scene videos and I'm going to
remove this fake filter here
everything's going to pop back in at
once and it's going to trigger all of
those automations over here so we should
start to see a bunch of automations
running as expected now one thing that I
didn't do is while this is running I'm
going to jump into the make automation
actually I'm going to edit it cuz it's
possible we give too many requests to 11
Labs so I'm going to add an erir Handler
here real quick a break number of
attempts five intervals between just one
and then I'm going to add a little
filter here
message
contains 429 just so I don't overload it
click okay save and then back out again
so we can see here do we have all of our
automations running now looks like they
all left here so they must be generating
images so we're waiting for those images
to come through now just to kind of
follow along here everything popped out
of this view because when this
automation ran here it created the rows
it created the video objects right here
for our Leonardo Steel images and
because it did that they no longer show
up here because remember we had to have
the video API table had to be empty so
if we jump up to the automations and we
go to the Leonardo image and we should
see yes see we have a bunch of processes
coming from Leonardo and it takes them a
little bit longer because we added this
little script here which is just a delay
so the automation for Leonardo runs
pretty quickly and it can cause this
interesting condition in air table where
there's a raise condition this
automation fails so I have that little
break in there that's why I added this
little time delay but if we jump back to
data and look at the video apis these
are all starting to pop through now so
now if I jump back to the scenes we've
got all of our scenes now and so now you
can tell that the automation is
continuing to run if I jump back to make
now it's generating the Json to video
video and the audio so those are coming
in as well the videos now it should be
running to merge these for all of the
ones that we have complete and those are
starting to come through now as well so
that's a good sign and then once these
are all complete then we can do the
final automation which is going to build
the final video here so these are all
complete now and if we jump over to the
stories we're also seeing that it's
ready as well because remember we built
those fields that calculate for every
scene do we have an equivalent number of
audio and video files so now what we're
going to do is we're going to finalize
this automation we're going to add one
more route here which is this one right
here which is going to grab all the
scenes and build the final video plus
add captions and we'll test that through
and then after that after we have it
completely working we'll jump back to
this step here with Leonardo and we'll
turn the still images into a animated
video and then we'll rebuild the whole
thing with animated videos instead of
these more still like images here so you
might just want the still images or you
might want the animated videos but I'm
going to show you both options so that
you can try them both out and see which
one you like better and then of course
it would be totally possible to swap out
Leonardo for another image generator of
course as well so I'm going to go here
and auto align everything I'll go ahead
and save it and then we can continue on
all right so let's finish this out we
got one main automation to get done if
you're still here working through this
and if everything's working you are
awesome let's just keep going so now we
are in a situation where we have all the
scenes built for a specific story we
have all of the audio and video
necessary so now we need to jump back to
the stories and we're going to see here
that it is ready so now we need to
create a new view for the next
automation which is going to merge and
build out all the scenes going to come
down here let's create a new view we'll
call this one build full
video we can create the new view we can
move this into the automation section
here and for the filter we are going to
want to make sure that the ready is
equal to one and that also the
video is empty which it should be so now
we have one row here waiting to be
finished now I'm going to jump back to
the automations this time I'm not going
to duplicate any of the triggers that
were used to trigger for scenes I'm
going to go back to the story one here
and duplicate that one cuz that one's on
the story table update this to build
full video jump up to the trigger table
should be stories but the view is build
full video let's go ahead and choose a
record we should have one record here
let's go ahead and update the script
edit the code all we have to do here is
change the action to build
full video build full video finish
editing now I'm going to come back to
the Automation and I'm going to add
another route going to go ahead and
align everything as always we need to
get the row the story you can't grab any
of these these were the scenes so I'm
going to come back to the top here I'm
going to clone one of these and add this
actually I can delete that move this
going to update the filter action
should
be build full video then we can go ahead
and click okay align everything again
and now we just need to build out that
final automation that looks just like
this so first we need that iterator so
we'll add the iterator here so we need
an array here we're going to Loop
through the audio and video array which
is full of all of our different scenes
we'll click okay then we'll go ahead and
create a Json just like we did before
create Json in this case we are going to
use the the parts one that we've already
created so for the data structure you
can open this up and you look for the
Json 2 video Part I have two of them
because I created one for the demo and
one for myself add the elements for the
type it's going to be video for the
source we're going to use the URL from
the iterator make sure that's video for
the source use the URL duration is going
to be -1 that just means we're going to
use the full length of the video we're
not going to cut it short for position
we're going to put Center
Center it just centers the video with
their video that they're creating so
moving on from the position center
Center we're going to move into the
height click into height then you're
going to do output you're going to
expand that and use the inner value for
output height and then click into width
use the output width use the inner value
for that as well for Zoom we've already
done the zoom on the individual scenes
so we can leave this at zero then you
can go ahead and click okay then here we
are going to parse the Json so we can
parse it parse Json we're going to use
the output from this previous step here
Json string go ahead and click okay and
then we are going to close the iterator
we're not going to have all the values
that we need so I'm going to run the
Automation in just a second here's the
iterator source module is going to be
this here which looks like 50 for me
it's going to be something different for
you and then for now because I don't
have the values yet in this dropdown
from this section here I'm going to go
ahead and click okay I'm going to click
save it's going to give me a warning go
ahead and click through to that go ahead
and run this once it's going to give you
another warning War run anyway then jump
back up to air table can't remember if I
already pulled in a record we're going
to choose a record Story number three
and jump back to this and we're going to
test the action jump back to make should
pipe through to this final section here
you can see here it looped through the
six different scenes and built the Json
so now we should be able to finalize the
aggregator here so now that that has run
we can select parse Json elements you
can select that you can go ahead and
click okay and now we need to create one
more Json which is going to take
everything that we created here all the
scenes elements so now we need to create
one more Json here before we send it to
Json to video where we take the elements
that we created in this iterator and we
combine them with everything that we
need for that final video so I'm going
to go ahead here and create a Json
create Json and for this one we're going
to create one final data structure you
can go ahead and click add we're going
to call this the Json to video

full video we can come here to generate
and then in the text that I shared with
you you can grab this entire section
here from the build full video just make
sure you grab the entire thing copy
you'll add that to the sample data click
generate that's going to build out
everything here then you can click save
and now we can simply fill in this
information here and we'll be done for
the ID we're going to use the ID from
the original call here the record ID FPS
we can use 25 cache I'll go ahead and
use no and no and width we're going to
use the output width the inner value for
the height we're going to use the output
height the inner value right here so
make sure you've got those correct for
the scenes we can go ahead and turn this
on here this is going to use the array
from the iterator here for exports you
can go ahead and add a new export and
then you'll add a destination for type
you're going to type web
hook for content type you're going to
type application SL Json and then for
endpoint we need to come back to air
table we're going to create a another
endpoint for Json to video you can go
ahead and clone and duplicate one of
these duplicate let's rename it to Json
to video full video and for the web hook
you click into this and then just copy
that come back to make put that into the
mpoint for Quality you can use high
resolution you can use custom for
elements you go ahead and add a new
element this is going to allow us to add
in the information for the captions for
the different values that you can use
for their captions you can go to their
main website and look up the docs and
just see what they have available so for
type we're going to put
subtitles for language I'm going to put
Ian all caps I'm just going to use all
caps for position I'm going to use mid
bottom center puts them in the middle at
the bottom near the center for the font
size I'm going to use 75 for the font
family I'm just going to use this one
luckiest guy that's the one that they
used original
and for the outline width I'm going to
go with five you can change all that
stuff later make sure to check for no
spaces any of that kind of thing you
don't want any empty spaces the scenes
comes from here we got the width and the
output height I'm going to go ahead and
click okay then I'm going to go ahead
and clone one of these other modules
that we used previously for Json to
video stack it right at the end here
just need to jump in there and fix the
broken value that's going to be in the
request content for what's in the
previous step here this Json string then
you can click okay then you can go ahead
and click click save and now we are
pretty much all the way through I'm
going to go ahead and run this once so
that when I jump back to air table and I
jump to our new trigger here build full
video pretty sure we already chose a
record then I'm going to test the action
jump back to make real quick it's going
to send that to Json to video Let's just
double check the status code we have a
status code 200 that means if I jump
over to my dashboard and look at my
renders we should see that final video
being built out that's running this
one's going to take a little bit longer
than the previous ones because it's
stacking together all of the previous
scenes together to build one final long
video all right so now that it looks
like it's done I'm going to jump back to
air table and to jump into our new
trigger looks like something came
through just a second ago but you can
always test the trigger as well if it's
not coming through it means that
something in your Json isn't correct
with the URL maybe something is
misspelled with web hook or application
Json so now we need to update the table
from scenes to stories we're updating
the main story at this point so this is
going to break fields down below make
sure you remove the Broken Field it was
able to recover and use the record ID
from the body so that's good so now we
just need to change the field we're
going to look for the video and then we
can go ahead and come in here to the
body scroll down to the URL add that run
as configured here run the test now
before I jump back I'm going to just go
ahead and turn this trigger on jump back
to the data notice that the row is gone
now if I jump back to all Stories the
full video is here now and if I watch
that it's going to be the full video
that we generated from Json video in a
high stakes cover up burglar executed
LA's most sophisticated cash Heist
amassing a whopping $ million not going
to watch the whole thing looks like it
came out to about a minute you can see
it's zooming in on each individual image
it's got the captions and then the AI
voice generation from 11 Labs so there
we go the final thing to do now would be
to Simply come up to the automations and
then do a final test let's turn this
automation on and then we could just
simply come back to the data we could
come back to all stories I'm going to
scroll all the way over to the left here
I'm just going to add a new row I'm
going to add the story type comic news
then I'm simply going to copy the source
from this one into the same section here
first make sure that this automation is
on make sure it's saved and then I'll go
ahead and just do ready to go and I
should be able to come back here and it
should start to execute the story gener
generation and then the scene generation
we should be able to kind of bounce back
and forth between air table and make so
we see the story is here if we jump over
to scenes we should see it generate the
additional scenes in just a second here
there are those scenes coming through
and then that should be triggering the
image generation so we see that going
off now as well creating new video API
rows and as those are created these
should drop out of this view here so
these are all getting created so now if
we jump back to the automations and we
jump into the Leonardo doai image run
history now we see all those getting
created as well again they're going to
pause for 25 seconds just to avoid a
possible bug and race condition that can
happen between air table and Leonardo so
once that 25 seconds passes they'll
pretty much all just run all at the same
time so pretty quickly here we'll see
all of these start to turn to Green
they're going to populate in no specific
order now starting to ramp up here as
they all finish out and then as these
scenes complete it's going to trigger
off the process to build the audio and
video we jump back over to make is
starting to create the videos and also
the AI image and also the AI voiceovers
we're starting to see all of the audio
pop in and the video is starting to come
in from Json to video once we have a
pair here we're going to see that Branch
off to start to create the merged audio
and video versions and then once all of
those are ready we should see this ready
tick to to one it just moved to one so
now it should be running that final
automation to create the final video
which is a 200 so that's good so it's
just rendering that final video right
now if I open this refresh that's
running and so that's just going to
finish out just like it was before with
this final full video web hook that's
going to update air table with the final
video so while that's finishing in the
background let's go ahead and start to
think about updating the automation to
use the animated videos instead of the
still images so if you notice here in
our videos it is all still images in a
high stakes cover up burglar you see a
little motion but it's just simply
because I did a little bit of a zoom
when I rendered the videos together and
it doesn't look like
this which actually has this movement
here in the video which is a feature
from Leonardo that takes the still
images and converts them into a anim
video so this is going to continue out
it looks like it's still rendering yeah
still Runing let's go ahead and tweak
this automation to do the animated
videos instead of the Ste images so in
order to do that I'm going to come here
so after we create this still image I'm
going to go ahead and add a module here
a router a router here and I'm going to
have one route in case we want to do the
still images and then one route in case
we want to do the video images and so
here I'm going to add a filter which is
going to make it impossible to move
forward I'm going to put if 1 is equal
to two which never happens so it's no
longer going to execute this path and
this will just allow us to swap back and
forth as we want and so now what we need
to do here is we need to make one more
API call to Leonardo to create the
animated video so to do this I'm going
to add a Leonardo module this time we're
going to make a custom API call and I
need to add a new connection we do not
want to use the connection that we added
for the still images because that's
going to call the wrong call back
remember if I come back to air table and
we go to the automations we have this
automation here that's waiting for a
call back for the Ste images and in fact
I'm going to turn this one off we don't
need it anymore and I'll just simply
come down here and create a new
automation I'll move it to the top I'm
going to call this
Leonardo a video I'm going to come down
here to see all when web hook received
and then I'm going to come here and copy
that and now I'm going to jump back over
to Leonardo I'm going to add a new API
key I'm going to call this one the
content Story magic video key and I'm
going to erase what is here this is the
web hook that it's automatically adding
that I don't want I'm going to remove
that and I'm going to add the new web
hook that I just copied out of air table
for this one here that is right here I'm
going to go ahead and generate that key
I'm going to copy the key right here I'm
going to jump back to make I'm going to
add a new key I'm going to call this the
video key I'm going to add that key here
go ahead and click save for the URL you
can go ahead and copy this into your
automation for the method we're going to
use a post this header should have been
added for you but if not you'll need to
add a header with the key content type
and value application SL Json and then
you can cut and paste this from the
document that I gave you you will need
to change this place holder as when you
copy it it will break and then you will
simply replace it with the previous step
where we generated the still image so
we're going to modify that you're going
to go into the generated image here and
then you're going to use this ID right
here make sure you're in between those
two quotes so that you don't break it
and then you're going to add that ID and
then once you have that you can go ahead
and click okay now we do need to run
this because we need the output of this
API call number one to finalize our web
hook here and then also to finalize the
air table update here so go ahead and
click save and then go ahead and click
run once and now let's go back to air
table and just turn off the generate
scenes automation just so we can trigger
it manually turn that off then let's
jump back to the data then let's jump
back into one of our scenes here it
doesn't really matter which one and then
we're going to scroll down if the fields
are hidden go ahead and there's going to
be a button to unhide those fields go
ahead and scroll down to where you get
to the video API and then we're going to
remove all three of these for one of
these scenes here so this scene should
be empty just like that now what that's
going to do is it's going to set us up
to be able to trigger it again so I'm
going to come to generate scene videos
and because I turned the automation off
it's no longer going to trigger
automatically that way I can come to the
automation I can come back to the
trigger I can choose the record there's
going to be one here seven and then I'm
going to jump to the script and I'm
simply going to test the action this
automation's already waiting for it here
it comes so it's generating the still
image which we no longer need longterm
but we need it to create the animated
video once it's done it's going to move
to this path here and make the API call
status code 200 that's good news that
means we can now finish the process
first I'm going to just jump over to air
table I'm going to jump back to our new
web hook for Leonardo video here's the
web Hook Once that first animated video
is complete it's going to send it to
this new web hook that we added if I
test the trigger still doesn't have
anything Leonardo is going to take 20 30
seconds to develop that video for us
while we're waiting for that let's jump
back and finish the automation so here
I'm going to just simply clone the air
table record here add it here and let's
just double check what we have so for
here we need to change the ID we're
going to erase that and we are going to
use the value that came from this
previous step so we're going to look
into the body here and we are going to
grab this generation ID and put that in
there instead and we're going to click
okay and then we're going to click save
and then I'm just going to jump back to
air table looks like that record finally
came through now so now the only problem
is is we weren't able to add in the new
job IDs from the new call we made here
so when we try to set up this Automation
and we try to look up the row like like
we did in the previous step here where
we do the find records we're not going
to find it because we didn't have that
job ID there so I'm just going to jump
back to the scenes and clean things up a
little bit so this is still blank
because we were never able to associate
data coming back from Leonardo back to
this row here but now that we have the
Automation and we're able to create the
new records with that generation ID then
we'll be able to do that so I'm going to
go ahead and click okay again I'm going
to make sure we save it then I'm going
to run it again once I'm going to jump
back to a table I'm going to jump back
to generate scenes so here's that scene
that we want to generate again going to
jump to automations generate scenes make
sure we're on the Right video again
choose record still that seven I didn't
really need to do that but I'm just
going through it and I'm going to test
it again so now this time it's going to
generate those video images but it's
going to write the video generation ID
back to air table so when Leonardo sends
us the call back information we can link
it back up and then finally update the
data in the scene so now you can see
that it added the rows that's why it
dropped out of this view here so if I
come here we're seeing it's adding the
rows we have two rows now so now it's
made all three rows so if I jump back to
air table and then we go to the
automation the last time it ran was
about 4 minutes ago so we need to wait
for the new ones to come through when
that comes through we'll see it it'll
just say a couple seconds ago in the
meantime I'm going to go ahead and set
up our search we don't need to do this
delay script on these for a technical
reason looks looks like that came
through here so that's good so I'm going
to go ahead and just finish this out
we're going to add a find record we're
going to look up the table video API
find records based on condition
condition condition here we're going to
look for job ID we're going to change
this to is we're going to use the
gearbox Dynamic we're going to add the
plus we're going to go into the body and
we're going to go into the data going to
go into the object and we're going to
grab that object ID we'll go ahead and
test the action should find a record
found a record on scene 7 as we'd expect
now all we need to do is update that
record here and for the record ID we're
going to go ahead and use air table ID
from the find records scroll down
there's the air table record ID I didn't
select the table here we're updating the
scenes table so actually it's not the
scenes it's the video API for the record
ID we're going to use the air table ID
that we already added for Fields we're
going to update the video and now we
need to find the url for the video not

the image so we're going to use the web
hook received go into the body we're
going to jump into the data into the
object then we're going to look for
images to the bottom images and then
we're looking for the motion MP4 URL
here make sure not to grab this URL
that's just a link to the original still
image so make sure you grab the motion
MP4 URL go to run as configured run test
then you'll want to turn this automation
on so it runs automatically the first
time leave off this one here re jump
back to the data notice it's gone from
here we're going to go back to all
scenes and now instead of there being an
image here or three images we have one
video which should be an animated video
nice there it is very cool so now what
we need to do is just come back to the
automations turn on this automation here
and then we should be able to run one
final test with the animated videos
instead of the still images and I'm just
going to run back to the stories I'm
going to leave these as is I'm going to
run back to stories I'm going to create
one new story from scratch comic news
again I'm just going to fill this down
so it has that and then make sure that
the automation is on I'm going to back
out so I can see it then I'll just come
back here and ready to go and that
should start to trigger the entire
process once again starting to see the
story generation and then the scene
generation creating all the scenes we
can kind of toggle back and forth here
jump over to the scenes we've now got
those which means that it's now going to
trigger all of the image creation and
then the video creation so that's
already happening right now we probably
have some of the videos coming back soon
through the web hook run history this
will be the first time that we've had it
on where the automation actually
populates through from the API in
Leonardo starting to see those come
through now starting to see those videos
populate here as well so we're going to
end up get having three videos per scene
just like how we have three static
images per scene this one now has three
videos so it's continuing forward with
the audio and it's going to create the
video from Json to video if I come over
here and refresh we should see some
render logs looks like we did get an
error here and I know what that is from
so I'm going to come back to the
Automation and I'm actually going to
turn off the automation here because I
know what the problem is I forgot to
make one change in our automation so we
changed it from static images to videos
so we need to come to this automation
here where we assemble individual parts
of the scene which used to be images and
we need to update this to video so we
change it from image to video and then
we need to change the duration here to
minus one and we can go ahead and click
okay and now everything else should work
and we shouldn't get that same error so
now I'm going to come back to the
automation I'm going to go ahead and
just clear this out going to delete
Story 5 and we'll start again copy this
down and now this time that I turn the
automation back on make sure when you do
this just delete the old data otherwise
it's going to continue forward with some
of those previous executions that we
turned off and now I'm going to come
back to air table and I'm going to go
ahead and run that again that's why it's
good to have this open so you can see
the different errors if I refresh this
there's probably other errors there as
well here we had several errors coming
from that and if I look here it doesn't
really tell us what that was but I'm
pretty sure that's what it was so come
back over to scenes now it's generating
the new scenes come back to the global
view where I'm not actually editing it
so I can see the runs that are coming
through now it's coming through again
and generating the still images and the
animated videos so quite a few calls are
going to be made here as it builds out
all of these individual videos those are
starting to come through as you can see
you can open those up as they come and
just take a look Leonardo just picks
different types of animations sometimes
it's a zoom sometimes it actually tries
to animate things we now have three here
so now it should be continuing forward
it's creating the audio and the video
now we shouldn't run into that same
issue that we had before going to go
ahead and refresh the list so now it's
running for the first time again looks
like now we have a success instead of an
error so if we come back to airror table
starting to see those videos come
through so now we're going to see the
rest of the audios come through the rest
of the videos and now because we have a
pair here it has already done a merge
and once you continue to see the three
parts of the scene completed it will
continue with additional audio and video
then you just have to wait patiently as
all of the different assets come
together waiting for one final video
here and we got the final video here now
it's going to create the final audio and
video and that now that is complete it
is ready for that final full video which
should have triggered here in this view
as well so that should be on its way in
the automation the final it is now sent
that to Json to video so now we just
need to check the render log here that
is now running so once that is finally
finished it's going to call that final
web hook automation Json to video full
video it will update the row and we'll
have that final video here in just a
second it's always hard to wait for that
final one to come through and there it
is let's take a look looks like it came
out to about a minute techsavvy burglar
execute one of the largest cash heists
in Los Angeles history with high-tech
Precision understanding the
technological prowess behind this Heist
sheds light on emerging threats to
Financial Security on Easter Sunday
burglar executed a highly sophisticated
theft at a cash storage facility in
silar San Fernando Valley stealing up to
$30 million The Heist which was
meticulously planned and carried out
without triggering alarms suggests the
involvement of a highly skilled group
potentially with Insider knowledge
jointly investigated by the FBI and LAPD
this incident has marked a significant
breach in the operations of Garda World
a private security firm the previous
largest cash heist in Los Angeles
occurred in
1997 when $18.9 million was stolen from
Dunbar Armored Inc stay vigilant and
informed about advancements in security
technology to better protect your assets
and remain one step ahead of emerging
threats so there you go obviously you
can play around with the video quality
and how you're building out these
different prompts and the different
models you're using to produce the type
of content that you want and again
remember I have the story types here so
that you can add other story types and
build completely different types of
prompts and you can use different models
and everything like that so if you don't
like the comic book you know you can
change it to ultra realistic photos or
whatever you want that's all
configurable within the story story
types and how you generate the story and
all of that so don't think that anything
that I have here limits your ability to
change the prompts and even just come
into the Automation and just swap out
Leonardo for a completely different
image and video generator the real art
to this is building the system that can
give you the flexibility on story types
and how to generate the story and how to
generate the different image prompts and
how to keep it all organized and
scalable and to have it all just in one
place in your air table base so again if
you want to just be able to import those
make blueprints so that you can skip all
of the configuration yourself you just
open it up and have the entire
automation just like that and be able to
get access to this air table base
without having to build that out from
scratch make sure to jump into the no
Cod Architects the link is in the
description below you'll be able to jump
into the templates and get access to
everything just like this but either way
I hope you found that video valuable
that was quite the video if you made it
through to the end congratulations you
are awesome let me know what what you
think in the comments and I'll see you
in the next video